 It works very well and still lasts and looks pretty much the same as the day I bought it
Works well and it's been months! Affordable and usable
It is short but so far has been working good for over a few months
  It works and appears well made
So far it works perfectly
works great and the price was nice!
Great price and no complaints on its functionality!  So far so good :)
The product I purchased is of high quality and is working great for my needs
Works great - good price
 So far they are working great
 I would recommend it has worked great
They work great thanks!
Works just fine and came promptly
Works perfect better than oem!
Works great! I went back to this brand because it is the only one that has lasted
Work fine, no issues
Seems to work great for now
Came on time and works wonderfully
Works great so far
They work awesome! No issues
Very good quality and very functional
 Have had no problems,
  No connection issues wherever I've used them
I've been using it for a few weeks now
I had this product for a few months and it worked pretty well and about 3 months in it just completely stopped working
Works well, seems well made
Great buy, works perfectly
  Have used this product for a few days and working okay
One works great and the other one doesn't work
No problem they work great
Great product, works well!  I got the two pack and it was a great price and they do the job well
So far I have had this product a few weeks and no problems whatsoever
Works well and hasn't given the annoying &#34;not compatible with the device&#34; message
Worked just fine, did not have any problems
  These worked every time and had no problems with them
very good quality and was on time
Works great so far
So far so good on working - been using about 2 weeks now
 Had it for over a month, no problems so far
 Works great with no error messages like some others that claim certified
Awesome product works great
 I used them couple times and day and will be getting more of these
Both work fine as described
These have been working well for months, can't complain
It's working well without problem or the last few days
So far it has been working great!
Works great, no issues
Product is as described, and works like a charm
 They are both updated to the newest versions as well
Work great so far and I'm on month 2!
works fine, just a little too short for my liking
Sometimes says this is not compatible but works good
Works perfectly! Great price!
Work great charge fast!
 I have no problems with them
Works great no complaints
Works great, no compatibility issues
Works perfect and charges pretty fast
Works perfect, just as described
WORKS GREAT!! BETTER THAN SOME I HAVE TRIED!!
Working great so far
As advertised, works great!
Product is working well so far
Product works great, came on time
  I have only had it a couple of weeks but have had no issues
Had it over a month and still working great
Works great! Good deal
 Work great, solid feel and will update if any of them break down as time passes
 So far no issues
I just used it once for now but worked well
They have been working good for last 5 months not problems
Works perfectly and never gets tangled
 It's taken the usual beating that daily use and travel bring, and has held up quite well
Works just fine, received quickly
  Looks identical in quality and works without issues
Work great, and very pleased with the product
 I am very happy with this and highly recommend this product
Haven't had any problems
  I have no problems so far
 Had then for a couple months now and have had no issues
 Been using for over a month and have had no problems as of yet!
We've had this for 9 months now w/ no issues
Works flawlessly every time I plug it in
 Both work just fine
 They work perfectly for me every time I use them
Works perfect and a great price!
Works perfectly and as described, no pop up about it not being compatible
These work great - no complaints!
 I will certainly update this review if things change for the better
  has been very dependable
 No problems with this product
Works great! Hasn't failed me yet
Worked as advertised, thanks!
Once we received them, we tried it out on the iPad and everything worked great
Works well with no issues
 The other works fine
rec'd very fast and works great
 It's affordable and works great
So far so good, I've had others that initially worked, then died a few months later
 They work perfectly each ad every time
works fine, good quality
they work great! No complaints here!
I use this at work and home
 I've been using it for about a month and it's still working perfect
Works as needed  and advertised
 I use both of them regularly and have had absolutely no problems
Overall, the product works well (with minor issue mentioned above)
 Working perfect without problem
So far so good! does the job!
Great Product, Absolutely ZERO issues
Works great, no issues so far
  I tested both and they seem to work fine
  I have been using them for awhile and no problems so far
Works very well so far
Looks good -- Working so far (brief use)
 I just received a second one I ordered because the first one worked so great in the beginning
 so far no problems
So far this works fine with me, i get the white and hubby gets the black
They seem to work fine
Working great and is exactly what they said they would be
The product works great
working well to date, glad I made the purchase
 The connection will work perfectly after that
